I am currently seeking opportunities as a Junior Data Analyst where I can apply my passion for data and analytics to real-world challenges.

Aspiring Data Analyst | Passionate about Turning Data into Insights with a deep passion for pioneering sustainable solutions, I specialize in the research and development of cutting-edge water treatment processes and Energy optimisation. Leveraging data-driven approaches to monitor, evaluate, and refine treatment processes for optimal outcomes. 
Extensive experience in designing and implementing advanced water treatment processes, I've ensured that industrial clients consistently meet regulatory and customer standards.
Fostered strong client relationships, tailoring solutions to their specific water treatment needs.
Developed and supervised comprehensive quality control procedures, ensuring products align with the highest standards particularly focusing on Excel/SQL-based data projects and data planning teams.I am currently seeking opportunities as a Junior Data Analyst where I can apply my passion for data and analytics to real-world challenges. Aspiring Data Analyst | Passionate about Turning Data into Insights with a deep passion for pioneering sustainable solutions, I specialize in the research and development of cutting-edge water treatment processes and Energy optimisation. Leveraging data-driven approaches to monitor, evaluate, and refine treatment processes for optimal outcomes. Extensive experience in designing and implementing advanced water treatment processes, I've ensured that industrial clients consistently meet regulatory and customer standards. Fostered strong client relationships, tailoring solutions to their specific water treatment needs. Developed and supervised comprehensive quality control procedures, ensuring products align with the highest standards particularly focusing on Excel/SQL-based data projects and data planning teams.
